OSDOCS-8695: Documented the 4.13.22 z-stream release notes (#67841)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

To update an existing {product-title} 4.13 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI].

[id="ocp-4-13-22"]
=== RHSA-2023:6846 - {product-title} 4.13.22 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2023-11-15

{product-title} release 4.13.22, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:6846[RHSA-2023:6846] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:6848[RHBA-2023:6848] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.13.22 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-13-22-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, the copy command was missing the `-p` flag option. Now the command supports the `-p` flag so that the command preserves timestamps. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-23021[*OCPBUGS-23021*])

> * Previously, a `Burstable` container could only run on reserved CPUs for nodes that were configured with a performance profile. This caused {op-system-base-full} 9 to change the behavior of CPU affinity and `cpuset` components, so that CPU affinity would not reset when `cpuset` was changed. Now, any component that interacts with the `cpuset` component of a newly running container would have it CPU affinity reset. This means that a `Burstable` container can now access all CPUs not currently assigned to a pinned `Guaranteed` container. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20365[*OCPBUGS-20365*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, a `Burstable` container could only run on reserved CPUs for nodes that were configured with a performance profile. This caused {op-system-base-full} 9 to change the behavior of CPU affinity and `cpuset` components, so that CPU affinity would not reset when `cpuset` was changed. Now, any component that interacts with the `cpuset` component of a newly running container will have its CPU affinity reset. This means that a `Burstable` container can now access all CPUs not currently assigned to a pinned `Guaranteed` container. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20365[*OCPBUGS-20365*])
```
